Hello everyone and often to say Question three solution for the social network company mock interviewed
for this problem you were assigned to create a function that takes and a list of unsorted prices which
are integers and a maximum possible price value and then return a sorted list of prices.
So this problem's actually perfect for accounting sort and if you're unfamiliar of counting story click
this link will take you here.
Go ahead and check it out.
And in order to fully understand the algorithm come down to this algorithm section and walk yourself
through the pseudo code.
OK.
So once you've done that then come here and check this out.
So we have our solution implementation but basically just keep in mind that the most general form of
this problem is unce a list of unsorted integers and a maximum possible integer value and you have to
sort them here we're using prices but it can be anything.
B scores for a videogame etc..
So let's go ahead and try to walk through our solution.
So first thing we're going to do is take in the unsorted prices
that's going to be a list of unsorted prices and then we have a max price.
Again this could be anything but it's an unsorted list of integers and a maximum possible integer.
Then I'm going to create an object called prices to counts and that's going to be basically a list of
zeros that go from zero to max price so I'm going to multiply it by Max Price.
And because indexing starts at zero on Python you can do max price plus one here.
Next thing to populate prices saying let's say for price in unsorted prices
prices two counts at that price.
I'm going to add one.
OK.
So then what we're going to do.
I'm going to create a empty list which will be sorted prices and this is actually going to return.
So right now it's empty.
But at the end I'm going to say return sorted prices and then for each price and price counts.
But I'm going to do this I'm going to say for price.
And then let's say it counts in enumerates
prices to count
for the number of times the element occurs some say for a time in a range of the counts just add it
to that sort of price list.
So take sort of prices and then append that price.
OK.
So let's go ahead and see how this works